README.md, before:

# docker_odoo
Example template for odoo deployment with docker

## Install Docker
Find ze best way to install now it is pretty complicated

## General idea
Use docker-compose up command to blast launch prod and test odoo instaces and also the  
psql service instance. Also mount volumes so odoo internal maintenace modules can  
permanetly download content onto host machine and its possible to restart odoo service  
from interface.

## Usefull Commands

* Start the docker stack psql and prod-test servers of odoo  
`$ sudo docker-compose up -d`  

* List running docker containers  
`$ sudo docker ps`  

![Alt text](src/img/containers.jpg?raw=true "Container List")

* Stop individual docker container (restarts with new settings)  
`$ sudo docker stop docker_name`  

* Connect to container to execute some bash magick  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  

* Logging odoo service in docker container  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  
`$ tail -f 1000 /var/log/odoo/odoo.log`  

* Connecting to psql image in this conf and logging to databases  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  
`$ psql template1 odoo`

Commit message:

UPDATE README.md add links and problems

README.md, after:

# docker_odoo
Example template for odoo deployment with docker

## Install Docker

Find ze best way to install now it is pretty complicated (depends if you need the latest version)  
* [installing](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-18-04)  
* `$ sudo apt-get install docker-compose`  

## General idea

Use docker-compose up command to blast launch prod and test odoo instaces and also the  
psql service instance. Also mount volumes so odoo internal maintenace modules can  
permanetly download content onto host machine and its possible to restart odoo service  
from interface.

## Challenges

* To fully incorporate the idea symlinks created inside the docker have to be transferred  
into odoo_addons folder somehow. Symlinks are being created by maintenance module when  
update is triggered from ui. Posibbly the module can be changed, but the point is to make  
as much as posible using docker and shell scripts.  
* Find a way to shut down docker from ui  

## Usefull Commands

* Start the docker stack psql and prod-test servers of odoo  
`$ sudo docker-compose up -d`  

* List running docker containers  
`$ sudo docker ps`  

![Alt text](src/img/containers.jpg?raw=true "Container List")

* Stop individual docker container (restarts with new settings when relaunched)  
`$ sudo docker stop docker_name`  

* Connect to container to execute some bash magick  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  

* Logging odoo service in docker container  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  
`$ tail -f 1000 /var/log/odoo/odoo.log`  

* Connecting to psql image in this conf and logging to databases  
`$ sudo docker exec -ti docker_name bash`  
`$ psql template1 odoo`  

## Links

* [official odoo image](https://hub.docker.com/_/odoo)
